people need to know that the shaking is
not over we get hit again and it's going
to be a bigger monster oh my god the
earth will literally crack open
and you will feel it
on the East Coast
and action
yeah Dwayne Johnson plays ray this is
our third movie together he's incredibly
compelling on film people love to watch
him go with me
he's just this incredible movie star
incredible after you look at the guy and
just have no question he could handle
anything not today he gives you
everything that Duane normally gives you
in terms of 800 pounds of muscle
million-dollar smile and all that but
he's very real in the movie san andreas
it's about the largest earthquake ever
recorded I play trade games LAFD Gila
rescue pilot took her up ray gains a
kind of hurt lost soul when we meet him
can't blame yourself well it's just
different why don't you okay he's
struggling with the fact that he lost
one of his daughters ray and emma gains
who are actually now separated they have
a remaining daughter lake hi dad Haley I
was getting ready to take my daughter
back up to college and earthquake hits
in Nevada pulse rates are spikin again
they're huge
and completely destroys a Hoover day
I play a seismologist with a team that
developed this method of predicting
earthquakes what's going on this is not
are you saying you think the whole
summer dress for my god yes that's
exactly what I'm saying my character
Blake goes up to San Francisco she meets
these two brothers t mind if I get your
phone number for Olli it's exactly what
she'll never asked for it and then the
earthquake kids
get to the roof up in the helo and I'll
get you from there it's really a massive
action adventure I'm a rod
em are you hurt
this epic destruction the earthquake
brings these two back together we're
going to get our daughter the two of
them set off to go to San Francisco to
try to find Blake
when the earthquake hits these two
brothers we forge a really strong
relationship as we try to find my
parents
really hit me how much heart there is in
this movie
I'm bringing her back I promised these
people that you don't know it all are
the people that you love and care about
so much
it's a really exciting adventure and
really fun ride
that's a really emotional experience I
love you did it's thrilling it's intense
and it is relentless and it just keeps
coming at you
you